q00;4;Everything you can drink from a glass or a mug can be regarded as fluids. Examples are: soup, coffee, tea, water, milk, fruit juice, etc. Yoghurt is mainly regarded as a dessert, but in some conditions, it can be seen as fluid. When it is categorized as fluid, this has been explained by your physician or dietician.
q01;3;In heart failure, the heart is not able to pump enough blood to the whole body. If you’re drinking a lot, this pump will be even more overloaded. Therefore, it is important to restrict fluid intake to 1.5-liter fluid per day (depends on physician advice). In case of hot weather, fever or diarrhea the physician may allow you to drink 150-300ml extra.
q02;1;Sodium is a part of salt: 1 gram of salt is not the same as 1 gram of sodium. You can easily calculate the amount of salt by: sodium x 2.5 = salt.
q03;2;Sodium, which is a part of salt, is able to retain fluid which can cause shortness of breath and other signs of deterioration. In addition, too much salt can cause high blood pressure. The maximum of one teaspoon of salt (equals 6g) is recommended by most dieticians. However, it is advisable to follow your dietician’s guidelines when these are different.
q04;1;Weight and height can be used to calculate the body mass index (BMI) which gives an idea whether you have a healthy weight or not.
q05;0;Fat between the organs results in a higher waist circumference and has a negative effect on your health, in particular for your heart.
q06;1;Fat intake should be limited because it contains a lot of calories, which has a negative effect on your weight. There are two types of fat but not all types are bad for your health: fat from animal origin is called saturated fat and should be avoided as much as possible. The other type is unsaturated fat which has a vegetable origin and is good for your cholesterol.
q07;4;Salmon contains a lot of fat, but from a different type namely unsaturated fat which works protective for your heart. It is recommended to eat fish twice a week, of which once fatty fish such as salmon or mackerel.
q08;1;Omega 3 is essential for a good health by stimulating a better blood flow, but is not present in the body itself. Therefore, it is necessary to have a sufficient intake via your food. Omega 3 is present in fish and vegetable oils, except for palm oil and coconut oil.
q09;3;Cholesterol is needed to build cells in your body and comes in the blood through two different ways: through the body itself which produces cholesterol and through food with a high amount of animal fat.
q10;1;There are two types of cholesterol: the good cholesterol will clean up the excessive amount of cholesterol in the body and thus results in cleaner blood vessels and is good for your heart. Bad cholesterol will stay in the blood vessels and narrow them with problems for your heart as a result.
q11;0;Protein intake is needed to build cells in your body, but an excessive intake of proteins may cause damage to your kidneys. Therefore, the intake of meat, eggs, milk products and legumes is restricted.
q12;3;All these different types of carbohydrate do increase the glucose level in your blood but the added sugars, which are typically found in pastries and chocolate, give a sharper increase of your blood sugar and are unnecessary.
q13;2;Physical activity is important to keep your weight and blood sugar under control. Even a small amount of daily activity, such as a short walk or taking the stairs, has an important effect.