er01L;arms;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bend and extend your elbows.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Piega ed estendi i gomiti.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Buig en strek je armen.;6928;6935;null
er02L;arms;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while bringing your arms in front of you.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Porta le tue mani sulle tue spalle e poi allunga i gomiti mentre tieni le braccia davanti a te.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar voren.;6960;6955;null
er03L;arms;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while lifting your arms upwards.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Porta le tue mani alle tue spalle e quindi estendi i gomiti mentre alzi le braccia verso l'alto.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar boven.;6935;6945;null
er04L;legs;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Lift your heels while remaining seated.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Sollevare i talloni rimanendo seduti.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je hielen omhoog terwijl je blijft zitten.;7087;7096;null
er05L;legs;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Extend your knee, then return slowly. Do not do this with both legs simultaneously but alternate left and right.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Estendi il ginocchio, quindi torna lentamente. Non farlo con entrambe le gambe contemporaneamente ma alternando sinistra e destra.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Strek je knie, keer daarna langzaam terug. Niet met beide benen tegelijk maar afwisselend links en rechts.;7087;7108;null
er06L;legs;low;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Lift your thigh, then return slowly. Do not do this with both legs simultaneously but alternate left and right.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Solleva la coscia, quindi torna lentamente. Non farlo con entrambe le gambe contemporaneamente ma alternando sinistra e destra.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Til je bil omhoog, keer daarna langzaam terug. Niet met beide benen tegelijk maar afwisselend links en rechts.;7087;7109;null
er07L;legs;high;Stand near chair or table. Lift your heels (stand on your toes) and then return slowly. You may lean upon the chair.;Stai vicino alla sedia o al tavolo. Solleva i talloni (in piedi sulle dita dei piedi) e poi torna lentamente. Potresti appoggiarti alla sedia.;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je hielen omhoog (sta recht op de tippen van je tenen) en keer langzaam terug. Je mag een stoel gebruiken om op te steunen.;7152;7129;null
er08L;legs;high;Sit down in a chair with the arms rested on the handrail, then lean forward and stand up while leaning upon the handrails. Return slowly and hold the handrails.;Siediti su una sedia con le braccia appoggiate sulla spalliera, quindi piegati in avanti e alzarti mentre ti appoggi alla spalliera. Ritorna lentamente e tieni la spalliera.;Ga op een stoel of in een zetel zitten met de armen gesteund op de armleuningen, buig vervolgens naar voren en kom terug omhoog met steunname op de armleuningen. Keer langzaam terug en houd de armleuningen vast.;7137;7142;7147
er09L;arms;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bend and extend your elbows (0.5kg, e.g. a small bottle of water).;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Piega ed estendi i gomiti (0,5 kg o una bottiglietta d'acqua).;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Buig en strek je armen (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6928;6935;null
er10L;arms;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while bringing your arms in front of you (0.5kg, e.g. a small bottle of water).;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Porta le tue mani sulle tue spalle e poi allunga i gomiti mentre tieni le braccia davanti a te (0,5 kg o una bottiglietta d'acqua).;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar voren (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6960;6955;null
er11L;arms;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while lifting your arms upwards (0.5kg, e.g. a small bottle of water).;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Porta le tue mani alle tue spalle e quindi estendi i gomiti mentre alzi le braccia verso l'alto (0,5 kg o una bottiglietta d'acqua).;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar boven (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6935;6945;null
er12L;legs;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Lift your heels while remaining seated.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Sollevare i talloni rimanendo seduti.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Breng je hielen omhoog terwijl je blijft zitten.;7087;7096;null
er13L;legs;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Extend your knee, then return slowly. Do not do this with both legs simultaneously but alternate left and right.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Estendi il ginocchio, quindi torna lentamente. Non farlo con entrambe le gambe contemporaneamente ma alternando sinistra e destra.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Strek je knie, keer daarna langzaam terug. Niet met beide benen tegelijk maar afwisselend links en rechts.;7087;7108;null
er14L;legs;high;Sit down and do not use the support of the back of a chair. Lift your thigh, then return slowly. Do not do this with both legs simultaneously but alternate left and right.;Siediti e non utilizzare il supporto dello schienale di una sedia. Solleva la coscia, quindi torna lentamente. Non farlo con entrambe le gambe contemporaneamente ma alternando sinistra e destra.;Ga zitten zonder de rugleuning van de stoel te gebruiken. Til je bil omhoog, keer daarna langzaam terug. Niet met beide benen tegelijk maar afwisselend links en rechts.;7087;7109;null