er01N;arms;low;Stand near a table or a chair. Bend and extend your elbows (0.5kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Piegati ed estendi i gomiti (0,5 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Buig en strek je armen (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6978;6986;null
er02N;arms;low;Stand near a table or a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while bringing your arms in front of you (0.5kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Porta le mani sulle tue spalle e quindi estendi i gomiti portando le braccia davanti a te (0,5 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar voren (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6999;7003;null
er03N;arms;low;Stand near a table or a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while lifting your arms upwards (0.5kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Porta le tue mani sulle tue spalle e quindi estendi i gomiti sollevando le braccia verso l'alto (0,5 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar boven (0,5 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6986;6995;null
er04N;legs;low;Stand near a chair or table. Lift your heels (stand on your toes) and then return slowly. You may lean upon the chair.;Stai vicino a una sedia o un tavolo. Solleva i talloni (in piedi sulle dita dei piedi) e poi torna lentamente. Potresti appoggiarti alla sedia.;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je hielen omhoog (sta recht op de tippen van je tenen) en keer langzaam terug. Je mag een stoel gebruiken om op te steunen.;7152;7129;null
er05N;legs;low;Sit down in a chair with the arms rested on the handrail, then lean forward and stand up while leaning upon the handrails. Return slowly and hold the handrails.;Siediti su una sedia con le braccia appoggiate sul corrimano, quindi piegati in avanti e alzati mentre ti appoggi ai corrimani. Ritorna lentamente e aggrappati ai corrimani.;Ga op een stoel of in een zetel zitten met de armen gesteund op de armleuningen, buig vervolgens naar voren en kom terug omhoog met steunname op de armleuningen. Keer langzaam terug en houd de armleuningen vast.;7137;7142;7147
er06N;legs;low;Stand near a chair or table and lift your thighs up to 90° (hip height), like you are marching on the spot. You may lean upon the chair.;Stai vicino a una sedia o a un tavolo e alza le cosce fino a 90 ° (altezza delle anche), come se stessi marciando sul posto. Potresti appoggiarti alla sedia.;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Hef je knieën tot 90° (heuphoogte), zoals je ter plaatse aan het marcheren bent. Je mag een stoel gebruiken om op te steunen.;7131;null;null
er07N;legs;low;Stand with your back against a wall, slightly bend through your knees and return slowly.;Stai con la schiena contro un muro, piega leggermente le ginocchia e torna lentamente.;Sta met jouw rug tegen een muur, buig lichtjes door de knieën een keer langzaam terug.;7157;7168;7162
er08N;legs;low;Stand in front of a stair and hold the handrails, then step up the first step and return. Alternate between your left and right foot to start.;Stai di fronte a una scala e aggrappati ai corrimani, quindi sali il primo gradino e ritorna. Alterna tra il piede sinistro e quello destro per iniziare.;Ga aan een trap staan en neem de leuning vast. Stap op de eerste trede en keer terug. Start afwisselend met je linker en rechtervoet.;7221;7223;7227
er09N;arms;high;Stand near a table or a chair. Bend and extend your elbows (1kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Piega ed estendi i gomiti (1 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Buig en strek je armen (1 kg of een fles water vasthoudt).;6978;6986;null
er10N;arms;high;Stand near a table or a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while bringing your arms in front of you (1kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Porta le mani sulle tue spalle e poi allunga i gomiti portando le braccia davanti a te (1 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar voren (1 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6999;7003;null
er11N;arms;high;Stand near a table or a chair. Bring your hands to your shoulders and then extend your elbows while lifting your arms upwards (1kg, e.g. a bottle of water).;Stai vicino a un tavolo o una sedia. Porta le mani sulle spalle e quindi estendi i gomiti sollevando le braccia verso l'alto (1 kg, ad esempio una bottiglia d'acqua).;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je handen naar je schouders en strek vervolgens je armen naar boven (1 kg of een flesje water vasthoudt).;6986;6995;null
er12N;legs;high;Stand near a chair or table. Lift your heels (stand on your toes) and then return slowly. You may lean upon the chair.;Stai vicino a una sedia o un tavolo. Solleva i talloni (in piedi sulle dita dei piedi) e poi ritorna lentamente. Potresti appoggiarti alla sedia.;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Breng je hielen omhoog (sta recht op de tippen van je tenen) en keer langzaam terug. Je mag een stoel gebruiken om op te steunen.;7174;7178;null
er13N;legs;high;Sit down in a chair with the arms rested on the handrail, then lean forward and stand up while leaning upon the handrails. Return slowly and hold the handrails.;Siediti su una sedia con le braccia appoggiate sul corrimano, quindi piegati in avanti e alzati mentre ti appoggi ai corrimani. Ritorna lentamente e trattieni i corrimani.;Ga op een stoel of in een zetel zitten met de armen gesteund op de armleuningen, buig vervolgens naar voren en kom terug omhoog met steunname op de armleuningen. Keer langzaam terug en houd de armleuningen vast.;7184;7189;7195
er14N;legs;high;Stand near a chair or table and lift your thighs up to 90° (hip height), like you are marching on the spot. You may lean upon the chair.;Stai vicino a una sedia o a un tavolo e alza le cosce fino a 90 ° (altezza delle anche), come se stessi marciando sul posto. Potresti appoggiarti alla sedia.;Ga in de buurt van een stoel of een tafel staan. Hef je knieën tot 90° (heuphoogte), zoals je ter plaatse aan het marcheren bent. Je mag een stoel gebruiken om op te steunen.;7208;7209;null
er15N;legs;high;Stand with your back against a wall, slightly bend through your knees and return slowly.;Stai con la schiena contro un muro, piega leggermente le ginocchia e ritorna lentamente.;Sta met jouw rug tegen een muur, buig lichtjes door de knieën een keer langzaam terug.;7157;7168;7162
er16N;legs;high;Stand in front of a stair and hold the handrails, then step up the first step and return. Alternate between your left and right foot to start.;Stai di fronte a una scala e trattieni i corrimani, quindi sali il primo gradino e ritorna. Alterna tra il piede sinistro e quello destro per iniziare.;Ga aan een trap staan en neem de leuning vast. Stap op de eerste trede en keer terug. Start afwisselend met je linker en rechtervoet. ;7232;7237;7242