qb00;;-
qb01;;-
qb02;;-
qb03;;-
qb04;;-
qb05;;Alcohol may cause damage to the heart muscle and the pump function and is therefore completely prohibited during the first 6 months after your diagnosis. After that period it should be limited to one or maximum 2 glasses per day.
qb06;;-
qb07;;Your total fluid intake (%s L) is too high. Therefore it is advisable to drink %s L per day, as recommended by your physician. 1 or 2 portions of fruit are not included in the calculation of the total fluid intake. To keep the feeling of thirst under control, the following tips can help: sugar-free chewing gum and peppermint, ice cubes, fruit, lemon juice in water or tea, products based on sour milk such as yoghurt and buttermilk, bitter drinks such as tonic, sour fruit juices such as lemon juice, coffee or tea without sugar, rinsing the mouth with water or using a water spray, brushing your teeth. The following drinks give a feeling of thirst: sweet and savory products, products based on sweetened milk such as ice cream and yoghurt, soft drinks and fruit juices, coffee or tea with sugar or honey, spicy dishes, liquorice.;Your total fluid intake (%s L) is too low. The restriction of fluids is important for the heart failure disorder, but limited amount of fluid is also necessary for your health. Therefore, it is advisable to drink %s L per day, as recommended by your physician.
qb08;;Please ask the person cooking for you to avoid adding salt to your food. Choose a low salt and fat diet if possible.
qb09;;-
qb10;;-
qb11;;Sodium, which is a part of salt, is able to retain fluid which can cause shortness of breath and other signs of deterioration. In addition, too much salt can cause high blood pressure. Salt is already present in a wide variety of food such as cheeses, smoked meat and fish, canned food, ready-to-eat meals. Therefore, adding salt to your meals should be avoided. As an alternative, you can use some herbs to give extra flavor to your meals. If you use low-salt spices, please pay attention to the potassium level which should also be limited.
qb12;;Brown bread is healthier than white types of bread because it contains more fibers and less fat. Whole-grain French bread and rolls are preferable to their white counterparts. Avoid pastries and limit the consumption of special breads such as sugar bread or raisin bread to maximum once per week.;Brown bread is healthier than white types of bread because it contains more fibers and less fat. Whole-grain French bread and rolls are preferable to their white counterparts. Avoid the consumption of pastries and special breads such as sugar breads and raisin bread completely.
qb13;;Cheese spread and melting cheese contain a lot of salt, even the low-fat variants should be avoided. Only the low-fat and semi-fat hard cheeses are recommended (max 30+ or 18% fat), but should be limited to once per week. Low-fat soft curd cheese and cottage cheese are advisable and can be consumed with some sugar and herbs or with fresh fruits.;Cheese spread and melting cheese contain a lot of salt, even the low-fat variants should be avoided. Only the low-fat and semi-fat hard cheeses are recommended (max 30+ or 18% fat), but should be limited to once per week. Low-fat soft curd cheese and cottage cheese are advisable and can be consumed with artificial sweeteners and herbs or with fresh fruits.
qb14;;Low-fat meat products such as cooked ham, turkey, chicken, cooked bacon, roast beef, steak tartare is recommended. Smoked meat and fish should be avoided, since they contain a lot of salt, even the low-fat variants. Low-fat non-smoked fish is a good alternative for meat. Boiled eggs may be a good alternative for meat, but should be limited to two per week.
qb15;;Sweet toppings should be consumed in moderation because of the high level of sugar. Jam without added sugars may be a good alternative.
qb16;;An extra portion of vegetables is recommended with your lunch to have a sufficient intake of fibers and vitamins and does not contain calories and sugars.
qb17;;Hard types of fat such as butter contain a lot of saturated fatty acids which influence your cholesterol negatively. Therefore, soft types or liquid fats or oils which contain more unsaturated fats, are preferable.
qb18;;It is recommended to choose low-fat types and unprocessed meat such as beef, veal, chicken, turkey, venison. Processed meat such as sausage, minced meat, burgers, schnitzels should be avoided. A maximum of 100 to 120-gram meat for dinner is recommended.
qb19;;Fish is a healthy alternative for meat and should therefore be eaten twice per week.
qb20;;Choose at least once per week a fatty type of fish such as salmon or mackerel because these types contain healthy fatty acids which are necessary for your body. Both fresh fish and frozen fish are advisable, but avoid canned or smoked fish, shrimps, oysters and mussels because these contain a lot of salt.
qb21;;A daily large portion of vegetables is recommended. Choose fresh or frozen vegetables to prepare your dinner, but avoid canned vegetables because these contain a lot of salt.
qb22;;-
qb23;;Fried and baked potatoes contain a lot of fat and therefore this should be limited to only once per 2 weeks (in a vegetable oil).
qb24;;Cooked potatoes and whole-grain pasta or rice don’t contain any fat and only a limited amount of salt.
qb25;;Whole-grain pasta is a better choice than regular pasta because it does not contain any fat and only a limited amount of salt.
qb26;;-
qb27;;Whole-grain rice is a better choice than regular rice because it does not contain any fat and only a limited amount of salt.
qb28;;At least 1 but ideal 2 portions of fresh fruit are recommended on a daily basis.;At least 1 but ideal 2 portions of fresh fruit are recommended on a daily basis. Limit the intake of bananas, grapes, exotic fruits and nuts.;At least 1 but ideal 2 portions of fresh fruit are recommended on a daily basis. Limit the intake of fruits which contain much sugar such as bananas, grapes, cherries, figs, etc.
qb29;;Besides fresh fruit, also yoghurt and pudding are healthy desserts.;Besides fresh fruit, also yoghurt and pudding with sweeteners instead of added sugars are healthy desserts.;Fresh fruit is a healthy dessert. Be careful with yoghurt and pudding since this is also regarded as fluids.